Add details on Unable to parse JSON response error (#21)
wintercms/docs: setup-installation.md

3. **Installer does not display or function correctly**: The web installer has been built on modern front-end frameworks, and may require the use of a more recent browser version. Consider installing Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome and keeping it up-to-date.

> 4. **Unable to parse JSON response**: Depending on your internet connection, downloading all the source files may take more time than your [PHP installation `max_execution_time` variable](https://www.php.net/manual/en/info.configuration.php#ini.max-execution-time) allows. Causing download to ends with an incomplete files base. Modify your PHP configuration to increase this variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Unable to parse JSON response**: Depending on your internet connection, downloading all the source files may take more time than the [`max_execution_time` PHP configuration value](https://www.php.net/manual/en/info.configuration.php#ini.max-execution-time) allows; causing the download to end with an incomplete file base. Modify the PHP configuration to increase this value and try again.
```
